Net                           :  VSS
Temperature                   :  25
PowerType                     :  avg
NominalVoltage                :  0
IRLimit                       :  0.095
TopLevelDieInstance           :  0.095

analysis_output_directory     :  <not set>
auto_redraw_errors            :  true
auto_redraw_grid              :  true
block_boundary_voltage_file   :  <not set>
calculate_parasitics          :  false
cell_area_capacitance         :  0
cluster_def_via_array         :  true
crc_tap_transient_flag        :  3
crc_tap_loading_flag          :  0
create_label_from_vsrc        :  false
debug_level                   :  0
decap_window_size             :  200
decap_density_c1              :  true
decap_density_c2              :  false
decap_density_gridcap         :  false
decap_dont_touch_file         :  <not set>
decap_eco_file                :  <not set>
decap_exclude_static_violation_area:  true
decap_exclude_area            :  <not set>
decap_feasibility_aware       :  0
disable_parallel_extraction   :  false
coupled_analysis_iteration_number:  1
wr_only                       :  0
wr_add_c2_current_flag        :  0
wr_add_c1_current_flag        :  1
decap_max_leakage             :  1e+06
decap_merge_eco               :  true
decap_removal_method          :  2
decap_removal_mode            :  <not set>
decap_requested_method        :  2
decap_timing_aware            :  false
decap_worst_case_ir_limit     :  -1
default_input_duty_cycle      :  0.5
default_input_activity        :  0.2
default_package_capacitor     :  0
default_package_inductor      :  0
default_package_resistor      :  0
default_transition_time       :  0
def_merge_supply_shorts       :  false
density_grid_size             :  25000
dynamic_trigger_file          :  <not set>
em_part_check_current         :  false
em_part_current_threshold     :  1e-10
enable_movie_generation       :  false
enable_port_grouping          :  true
die_model_num_targeted_ports  :  200
honor_package_grouping        :  true
error_on_op_analysis          :  false
explore_cell_internals        :  false
extractor                     :  <not set>
extractor_include             :  <not set>
fe_instance_data_file         :  <not set>
fe_layermap                   :  <not set>
fe_output                     :  false
fe_output_nonmanhattan_geometry:  true
fe_pgdb                       :  <not set>
fe_eco_output                 :  false
generate_path_analysis_waveform:  false
generate_abstract_die_model   :  false
generate_die_model            :  <not set>
halt_on_net_with_no_cell_connections:  true
hierarchy_char                :  <not set>
ignore_port_em_violations     :  0
instance_voltage_waveform_file:  <not set>
interactive                   :  false
internal_nodes_visible        :  true
internal_resistors_visible    :  true
iv_use_timing_window_only     :  false
iv_use_switching_window_only  :  false
layout_scale                  :  1
libgen_executable             :  <not set>
libgen_include                :  <not set>
gns_design_lib                :  <not set>
library_name                  :  fast_allcells.cl
lifetime                      :  10
log_file                      :  <not set>
max_error_messages            :  100
max_cpu                       :  1
max_resistor_length           :  800
max_viacluster_mode           :  false
max_warning_messages          :  100
merge_util                    :  <not set>
merge_uti_file                :  false
nga_disable_unmapped_vsrcs_with_package:  true
nga_enabled                   :  true
nga_factor_num_cpu            :  0
nga_dynamic_era_mode          :  false
nga_max_partitions            :  1
nga_lsf_queue                 :  <not set>
nga_lsf_select                :  <not set>
nga_lsf_args                  :  <not set>
nga_rsh_time_out              :  0
nga_sge_queue                 :  <not set>
nga_custom_script             :  <not set>
operation_mode                :  <not set>
output_directory_name         :  ./
output_wlt                    :  <not set>
pad_cell_file                 :  <not set>
pin_char                      :  <not set>
power_calculator              :  <not set>
power_calculator_include      :  <not set>
power_calculator_parallel     :  true
power_gate_file               :  <not set>
power_gate_off_file           :  <not set>
power_grid_fix                :  false
powerpin_location_file        :  /afs/eos.ncsu.edu/lockers/workspace/ece/ece720/001/ghuang2/gitrepo/proj2/pr/VSS.ppl
powerpin_location_file_fe     :  <not set>
powerpin_format_fe            :  false
powerup_analysis              :  false
powerup_block_analysis        :  false
powerup_block_net_map         :  <not set>
package_model_file            :  <not set>
debug_packagemodel            :  true
package_terminal_mapping_file :  <not set>
precision_digits              :  4
prpgv_x_offset                :  0
prpgv_y_offset                :  0
qx_rcdb                       :  false
rc_extraction_check           :  true
record_results_start_time     :  0
remove_temporary_files        :  true
repeat_transient_die_model_simulation:  <not set>
report_msmv_format            :  false
report_via_current_direction  :  false
save_transient_states         :  false
save_voltage_waveforms        :  false
sdc_file                      :  <not set>
solver_memory_option          :  0
temperature                   :  25
top_cell                      :  <not set>
use_avg_power_for_ic          :  true
use_average_power_for_op      :  false
use_capacitor_adjustment      :  true
use_current_data_from_pgv     :  false
use_def_pins                  :  false
use_gds_annotate_attributes   :  false
use_hpt                       :  true
use_hpt_for_group_net         :  true
use_hpt_leqnets_info          :  true
use_port_voltage_for_iv       :  false
use_toplevel_pins             :  false
use_pinrlc_with_package       :  false
reff_ignore_disconnected_pins :  false
use_existing_power_data       :  true
use_existing_rcdb             :  true
vsrc_search_distance          :  50
vstorm1_compatibility         :  false
work_directory_name           :  <not set>
write_bbv_pwl                 :  true
write_decap_filler_voltage    :  false
current_data_start_time       :  0
analysis_start_time           :  0
